The staff is fine, I 'm here in
cascais teaches us that the market together is
the second on the first floor and a cafe
who is going to count on 80 some purchases
on line that cassa collins here we give
some shopping sneakers books then goes
show you
she is very happy with the new virus
I 'll talk to you some later
Products what we found a
price
Who remembers having coffee only?
nice cool that has the view not here in
You old you first walk here in the
conjur ago today we have a coffee
so the year does not drink coffee
so the hamburgers who enjoy a
hamburger
by soup
I love to pan the butter milk and
a book with cat's eye is not missing
solidarity that is back
the folks here are in the cafe fac
of the hypermarket jumbo aki the cultured language
marina if at low beach time
so close
not taking catar was already in a cafe and
it's just because you're okay
It's hot in here. It's 25 degrees by 6 degrees.
Now as it's coming at night
It's clear that it's already 86 and it's
starting to explore an icy wind
so we do not suffer from the cold
I believe that winter and offers
management has given political support also
is suffering winter with sales
Beats a strong wind but now summer
between rita who is quiet but not
Winter
I just want to see how it's going to be and this Saturday.
We're right against some things.
shopping for tennis shoes .
buy some T-shirts and we
had come upstairs has not yet
draws this first one from spain
announced that there is a cafe kikão
restaurant which I have the chance to
write there inside a restaurant and
The first time I came here to drink
coffee
the other defendants they want bought
who chooses on the channel team who
want to check if the squirrels buy
her channel her at the mall with
should know that they will give the
water and purchases it okay guys this
was an informal video of the rapid
I hope they are enjoying the state.
I did not go very quickly, you can have
fast and safe today for you
bring video walking blogs tips that
it will be good
ok have the playlist click here on
premise gives the other videos of
partners about my life that
Portugal and for the first time Sunday
that is correct the videos want to enjoy more
still
stay here watch but I leave here too
How do you know this first time?
channel and a kilos and want to see also go
though
A hug to the next one is here.
ae